okay guys if you're looking to buy cheap
fifa ultimate team coins make sure you
check out UT coins view down in the
description and make sure you use a
discount code tech five to get a big
discount and the service is fully
automated now so you will receive your
coins straight away hello guys takes it
and welcome to another pics in the
biggest waste man in the FIFA community
hit me up and he asked me to play him
for a pink slip and that is FIFA monster
so we're gonna be paying fee for months
stuff for if we can smash let's say four
hundred lights for this then I'll do
very big pack open for happy hour when
it comes out a verse from God it's one
nil it's already one knew I noticed one
Neil bang storage giddy spin October Oh
chip him Oh woods they go what a
freaking grass so you just got rich Oh
bad dude chicken done do the chicken
darts through chicken dogs oh just kill
our taser coming out here no way haha I
can't destroyed he's getting destroyed
oh my god I just ripped his whole team
Oh
easy girl there we go easy girl header
David Luiz that was my first cross in
the game I think he's been crossing the
whole game I just need one little custom
big afro man everything oh here we go
montage call gone oh fuck man run all
right I was Robin Robin on his left foot
boom how did he not score that somebody
tell me Heidi's for that Daniel
Sturridge to sergio sergio aguero was
gonna chip the keeper colossal for Neil
finish I'm gonna give my money money
money get my money money money is done I
have one in foam Kaka and inform azzaro
it was easy as fuck very good game go
check our pjs kind of channel link will
be done in on this breach on but on that
smash 400 likes oh and also subscribe if
you enjoy my content i see very very
soon see ya